content/experience/llnl-2020.md, before:

+++
title = "Lawrence Livermore National Lab"
date = "2020-12-21"
daterange = "Sep 2018 - Present"
author = "Software Developer" 
cover = ""
tags = ["python", "image processing", "OpenCV", "data management"]
keywords = ["kword1", "kword2"]
description = "This is where I currently work."
showFullContent = false
+++

This is where I currently work. I started as an [intern at LLNL, click here to learn more about what I did then (and still do now)](/experience/llnl-2017)

In the meantime some of the things I have done so far are:

- Manage data collection, storage, and visualization for the Film Scanning and Re-Analysis Project
- Architect object detection pipeline utilizing spectral analysis, temporal edge tracking, and exposure analysis of images
- Develop image processing GUI tools utilizing TK using Python and OpenCV
- Implement statistical methods to automatically check measurement data for quality
- Building data-driven image processing models to further automate accurate film measurements 

Stay tuned for updates!

Commit message:

Add more photos and make descriptions better

content/experience/llnl-2020.md, after:

+++
title = "Lawrence Livermore National Lab"
date = "2020-12-21"
daterange = "Sep 2018 - Present"
author = "Software Developer" 
cover = "/experience/llnl-2017/cover.jpg"
tags = ["python", "c/c++", "image processing", "OpenCV", "DevOps", "databases"]
keywords = ["python", "image processing", "OpenCV", "dev-ops", "data management", "development operations", "databases", "sql", "big data", "object stores", "multithreaded", "c", "c++", "c/c++", "CPython"]
description = "This is where I currently work. [I originally interned at LLNL over the summer of 2017](/experience/llnl-2017), and joined part-time during university to support the software side of the project longer-term. I am continuing to develop vision algorithms for scientific measurements, but I am also working on streamlining our team's workflow by using the latest workflow automation tools like Dagster."
showFullContent = false
+++

This is where I currently work.
[I originally interned at LLNL over the summer of 2017 (click hear to learn more about my group)](/experience/llnl-2017), and joined part-time during university to support the software side of the project longer-term.
I am continuing to develop vision algorithms for scientific measurements, but I am also working on streamlining our team's workflow by using the latest workflow automation tools like Dagster.

Over the past 2 years working for the Film Scanning and Re-analysis project I have added several new measurement tools to our measurement tool written in Python.
These tools include **global-segmented** film exposure measurement methods, and a a new fireball detection pipeline that I architected utilizing spectral analysis and temporal edge tracking.
I also added measurement statistics for all of the data our group generates using scikit-learn to better understand our measurements.
In addition, I have refactored our codebase to explicitly support both CLI and GUI (Tk) methods to run which will allow the team to programmatically re-analyze and update old results more easily.

From the refactoring sprint, I was able to abstract our application logic to work well on both desktop environments for developing new codes and on HPC environments provided by Livermore Computing's supercomputers.
Dagster, a workflow orchestration tool, ties our workflow together with its pipeline and asset management systems, and I developed a multithreaded image loader as a CPython module to further speed up our program's analysis.
